everybody welcome a clan please binding
of issac a pulse we're into it daily
today I know isn't that weird I've been
absent from dailies for a while now just
figuring out what we're gonna do to
Isaac I figure when I feel like playing
a daily let's just s'matter it in there
as always some people say no daily some
people say all dailies and a very very
large majority of people are somewhere
in between that are like I just I like
it all
me too today's daily is Isaac it goes
all the way to the end so it seems like
we picked a good one no seems to look
for 51,000 is 67,000 on the top and
they're just an XL it's not an XL it's a
burning basement so I am I'm eager to
see how this goes but yeah we're still
figuring out how we're going to approach
the I mean inevitability of one Isaac a
day I think oh that's that explains the
scores that we've got on today's run
please resist the notion I'm asking you
as a fellow human being resist the
notion to be like oh no mom's knife Daly
it's the worst of all possible worlds
I'm going to endeavor to entertain you I
promise you that
I'm tain your latest dancer I'm here to
entertain you and then you say no tane I
can get into and scene yeah it says I
had no foreknowledge of this daily
honestly just got lucky that one of the
best items that exists in Isaac at all
is right here definitely should not have
taken the coin purse that's on me burp
which gives us a verb to X X lacks pills
148 our energy okay so we convert a
48-hour energy is it worth it
should I burp it I analyze and then
choose to revert it is it worth it
should a verb fit I look at all evidence
and rework it it's like a you know I'm
just trying I'm doing my darndest here I
figure we should go for this here why
not maybe there'll be something there we
could always reroll it if there is there
is not so obviously we'll be moving on
could have found a second secret room
instead but coulda shoulda woulda dude
coulda shoulda and or woulda so we have
a verb and we have a
okay that's what we want so we can bring
a 48-hour energy down to the next floor
I do wish we had a better chance to
maybe find an arcade or something like
that but that's fine but also love to
get a spirit heart but you know with
mom's knife from our first item room you
should be in a very very good spot to
just roll nicely here Butterbean dude
you could not have constructed an easier
stitching situation that's what I say I
say sitchin an easier situation get away
from here don't really care about
doctors remotes as you might expect down
as a secret room though and we rear old
doctors remotely get leo which is
actually Taurus okay we got to think
about that I figured you know we
probably messed up we didn't use our
reroll where we were supposed to on the
last floor and where we were supposed to
in all likelihood dude thank you for the
half spirit heart where we were supposed
to in all likelihood was probably on
mom's coin purse so instead we mixed it
up and we tried to leverage that right
down here but we haven't gotten anything
that is better than Virgo I'd say might
as well go to the shop did see a good
see a spirit arc did see a nine-volt
would be interested in maybe keeping
those under the right circumstances but
certainly got a little bit of time
before we need to think about that is
this a new like room archetype I don't
think I've ever seen
dangerous Baum room before we should
actually take this just in case we get a
deal with the devil I mean just things
are going to start to move very very
fast in all likelihood we don't need
these they can only hurt us
what if they explode my barrel friends
they will leave me low on the
leaderboard in me and I think I'd rather
what was back here I can't remember I'm
happy with Guppies collar you know the
idea is that we could turn it into a
full copy we might not even benefit that
much from a full guppy but perhaps where
I'm likely to get another reroll anyway
so what do we have in here Taurus with
mom's knife is really good if we can get
a speed upgrade from some other avenue
of course at the present moment I don't
think that's too likely but we'll uh
we'll sort it out at some point all
right I think we're going to re-roll
Taurus the other option we take tours
and hope to reroll into a speed upgrade
but I think that's probably unlikely
this should take us into the mod or the
boss trap room took us into the second
secret room where we might get lucky you
were still way ahead of schedule and
let's be honest we're not competing with
these people on me 9 volt gives you a
guaranteed charge we might want to just
give this a shot here but we're not
competing with these people that are on
the top of the leaderboards on skill
alone we got to find some kind of you
know weird seam if we're going to make
this happen but let's go keep this we
got golden keys dude ruin bag might
actually be a rarity creating rune bag
out of this run did not seem like an
easy task so now we're looking for like
okay I would like to hit them for one
but now we're looking for a bloody not
bloody penny blank card and in a year a
rune would be killer for us so we want
to get second secret room I mean money
should be very easy to come by so I
think we start with that probably just
go straight down you might want to pick
up old bandage in this scenario weirdly
enough but let's start by reroll in this
became blood rights which is garbage but
you know taking more items out of the
pool I suppose so
considering that we're fairly unlikely
to get a reroll to begin with and were
destined genuinely Activision Bungie
destined to be so far ahead of schedule
here we might as well go back here and
give this a little bit more of a try
that's going to be ahead of schedule
let's spend some time is what I'm trying
to say here so go for broke here open
for an old bandage play did not get one
what do you got for me dude you got
something it's got a key
see you Luton I'm going to go a little
little deeper on this one got one cent
don't appreciate that and go a little
deeper
thanks old Vantage I really appreciate
it you're too good to me we don't have a
guaranteed respawn so we gotta you know
be afraid honestly take that
what's the you know our game plan here
actually though well I mean if this guy
doesn't pay out we got to blow up
something and play the other things so
and I blow up this and go for the HP
upgrade out of the judgment I suppose
and honestly it seems like it's going to
work out pretty well
wouldn't mind buying another spirit
heart from the shop to leave here as
well but oh dude I just looked at my
pants I got a freaking a hole in the
crotch looking like a fool of my pants
on the ground now I don't know I will
buy it just to be safe that's like the
worst feeling because now I got to think
oh my god how long have I been wearing
these pants without realizing there's a
hole in the crotch and nobody told me I
got to go through like my entire Mark
Zuckerberg social network and be like
nobody had the respect to tell me that
there was a hole in my jeans right there
I'm not trying to this is not meant to
be machismo or anything like that
why do pants and I'm looking at you Tom
oh because you're looking at me why do
pants always tear the crotch I guess
it's a seam it's it's a natural part
that was bad it's a natural tear point I
suppose but why always on the crotch
dude why can't we make pants that don't
have a seam at the crotch and instead
they have a seam at like you know your
guess there is kind of like a seam at
the knee but you get what I mean like
move the crotch seam to the knee make my
life easier
strikes me is a little too convenient
anyway I got to remember to throw these
out it's not like me being a snob like I
don't know how to stitch actually I'll
just I mean this is not me being sexist
either I'll just pass him to Kate Kate's
got the she's got the sewing skills
let's moon it up here we certainly can
open golden chests because we have a 2
is fades back there somewhere we don't
want to miss Vause rush we also like on
a daily don't hate me because I'm right
here on a daily you don't want to reroll
your mom's knife run really all we gain
out of that is sure I get like one Zane
point come on give me bad guys man we
get one Zane point and then we rank
poorly and I can't win for losing in
that situation I get these tweets you
know what happened on today's daily I
played it straight by the book and got a
million times more points than you lives
you know congratulations I'm playing a
different game here I got a different
set of standards I've got to think about
that like a speed upgrade is actually
potentially interesting but maybe not
quite interesting enough to settle for
maybe I don't know it's kind of cool
I'll take experiment II nothing wrong
with that we got to damage downgrade but
speed and tears up so honestly like I'll
live with it I'm not super pleased with
the the use of the two of spades ever
the idea is that I you know I hope we
get blank card Yara anyway and then we
just have control over unlimited
consumables to begin with so please
thank you grab this we're going for it
yeah smart plays big plays the Sun I
mean I do I do like it
actually completely fine by me it's not
like I was going to go for the double
reroll there you know again we've got
unlimited consumables here I'd have to
be some kind of silly dude to go for
that I think mmm
I don't know I'm happy with counterfeit
penny here we're really just like
keeping ourselves alive is a big one and
then embracing the rune meta but
although apparently it never gives me
two guys you know I'm not mad or
anything disappointed and I think we got
the tools to have a good run here
swallowed penny which is actually
counterfeit penny which is actually
crooked penny which is actually a mega
penny which is actually dad's lost coin
they all the same icon don't even start
with me
it's like halitosis moldy bread
halitosis moldy bread halitosis moldy
bread halitosis thoses moldy bread in
them okay it sort of works from the Six
Flags commercial I can't it's been a
while we need to go over 2.5 damage at
some point in the future that would be
nice
oh the Gaza route thanks you too good to
me doesn't seem like we missed to too
much yeah we're going to go for broke
here we're still like ahead of schedule
again believe it or not so we want to
get probably everything here like I'm
willing to pay for everything here
that's no problem and all we maybe
should have tried to double that I'm
happy with where we're at okay so um
take it take it I think it's 48-hour
energy this let's go for a doubling
that's fine dude that's actually
completely fine he says well clenching
and unclenching his fist to get his
blood pressure down I got to be honest
it might surprise you think NL's kind of
a carefree guy except Murray plays
player unknowns battlegrounds I do at
least according to my doctor I've never
looked at the records myself but
according to my doctor I've got the
normal or the high side of normal blood
pressure and it's a scary thought you
know as a as a 28 year old it would be
like high blood pressure but my
characteristically happy-go-lucky
attitude I'm not sure probably lifestyle
factors do spend a lot of time sitting
down in a chair trying to work on that
hoping to work on that trying might be a
little bit of a stretch but I'm sure we
can all relate to that some things in
our lives
could be genetic I got no idea but you
know I got a I got to stop getting mad
at Isaac it's the thing I'm always like
just so furious this game isn't that
wasn't that perthro nominee Isaac as me
happy-go-lucky dude it's everything
outside it's all the deli counter
interactions like I'm I'm killing myself
slowly by worrying about Emily
pastrami's people are ordering how many
post Ramos actually one slice is a post
Rama
multiple slices are pastrami I uh murd
in Milan once interned at a gelato shop
and that's just the way she goes nobody
you can use that voice and then put a
Canadian ism like a back home Canadian
ism in there so 2.5 damage mom's knife
is hilarious but also horrible but it's
all worth it if our experimental
treatment comes through into a spun
transformation eventually and again I
can't stress this enough we're going to
be ahead of schedule but you know this
is the blood pressure things like my
cautionary tale for you like I haven't
been the dust yet hopefully I got be
nice to have like another infinity years
left in me I was such a stupid bit of
damage there but it worked out oh my god
I think that was good for my blood
pressure
but here's it's a cautionary tale for
you you know even if you're on the young
side or you know get in there but oh I
didn't mean to buy it work that's fine
he's done it the free battery gives us
another sweet chance as well we don't
really care to get like another pH do
you set up out of this but we'll take
the battery and then like bomb our way
through here try to double it I mean why
not I don't really want starter deck
which is not starter deck but the other
one it has a moving box dude that was
not
sensible so you should have two
judgments now we copied the judgment
from earlier that's right okay so I
don't know give you some of this I can't
spend forever in here but I can at least
give you a little little attempt all
dude it's fun okay so the spawn is going
to be amazing for us
speed up also good dry one hangry and
what else was down here to hang commands
okay by the battery and just go for it
oh he's actually done it so we certainly
want two of Hearts that's still moving
box right that's not buddy in a box so
just well done well done
something's wrong hangman hangman it's
still sort of working but we should
speed up if possible
dude I let me out dota 2 to the Pacific
okay I mean there's a stopwatch I don't
see a battery charge in here so I'm just
going to dust it I do see a battery
charge but don't care all right we got
to go like this is getting a little
silly we've got a lot of great stuff out
of that shop I mean the doubling is just
never stopped but we still got to stay
on pace so we got magic mush and spun
our damage has actually gone up like six
points since the last time we had to do
any damage so I'm loving life we've got
to go back for that because that again a
year a rune with blank card is like my
dream even if swallowed penny which is
actually crooked penny has done some
amazing stuff for us so far I want black
candle no more curses forever goggle
eyes sleep I'm like trying to swear
without swearing Oh
Halla pineal chips that's okay Darcy
you know we should have just taken it it
would have got enough to zero luck but
you gotta roll the dice sometimes you're
going to Vegas on just here for those
buffets nah we're rolling the dice like
this is getting rolled no doubt the only
time I would ever want bozo is if you're
going to give me like eight of them yeah
good get cranked on didn't even need to
waste my time with riffraff like that I
wouldn't mind some HP upgrades straight
up though we're like we're going to the
shop and by going to the shop I meant to
say boss rush but I think my
subconscious actually hooked me up for
once instead of just making me look like
a moron by saying the wrong thing now
I'm like yeah we should go to the shop
I've got 31 cents in uh and a buttload
of cutlery
what is that supposed to mean it was
meant to be a Hot Fuzz reference but
it's been a long time since I've seen
the movie so I don't I don't remember
believe it's when he's fighting sandor
clegane excuse me sir would like very
much to get a teleport card now wait
Blackhearts we don't care about a
teleport card take a key and call me in
the morning let's freakin go blue map
here a font let's go take your spear in
hard I tried to go for an extra doubling
just to be a chicken smarmy but it
didn't work okay getting a little too
Mimi you're getting a little too Mimi
right off the cut we don't care about
that we don't really care about that but
we'll take it none the less so we're
trying to get out of this floor now
pretty quickly like we if steamrolled it
we got nothing to worry about
you know what counterfeit pennies great
but we probably want a hairpin just so
we can always have doublings at the
ready and we still do have a bead on a
gummi dream but the mark was well worth
taking a shot at here her throw was not
but we got to go a little bit faster we
should be at like thirteen fourteen
thousand for the next floor leaves us
completely in line with where we'd
normally expect to be for boss rush
would you know good
future potential hush again should be
basically automatic like at onceá
I don't see a way that we don't make the
hush fight work for us unless we don't
make it in time which is plausible but
unlikely we also have a deal with the
devil and well deal with the devil
chance and straight-up Krampus should go
down in like half a second so if we have
to fight Krampus it's actually no
problem
all right good stuff good stuff
I think we've we've struck a good
balance between like leveraging our
advantages without costing ourselves too
too much here so we probably do want
that let's freaking go those bad damage
but the pills have to be good so there
we go
we don't need to use at all but Cracker
Jacks gives us a trinket gives us a
trinket non-stop reroll machines let's
get out of here okay we got two and a
half minutes to make it the boss rush
and I know that simultaneously this is
what some people love about dailies and
what some people don't like is if they
end up being focused on the commentary
and oftentimes say me and not not zany
no more mechanically driven but that's
why I like them on occasion you know I
think that that might be a happy medium
is of course I could say like let's only
do them when we've been told that
they're good but I'd rather not leave
myself you know at the will of the of
the dice rolls like that whoo peep this
first I'd rather I'd rather go for you
know just when it feels right
seems more more sensible of an approach
to me but you know again I'm all ears
I'm eager to hear what people are saying
we got so much time now I was a little
probably overly cautious about getting
down here in time we shouldn't have too
much to worry about lots of pills of phd
pretty flies great drowsy useful later
but we need ierra range ups fine luck op
is fantastic we're actually in above
zero luck you know what give me another
luck of 48-hour energy
speed-up relax okay
are we going to be able to make it to
the item room I've got nothing but faith
if I ever had faith I've got it right
now don't need the keys probably should
go back now we will go back for the key
will kill mom in two seconds
we'll get guppy on the deal with the
devil get into boss rush and be loving
life I think this is not necessary same
same same don't same don't okay well if
we're stuck with that let's double it
okay that's fine you might think this is
actually like Oh what is he doing he's
going he's out of control
quite the opposite I think if we don't
really like an item why would we why
would we take it it's just negative
points for us yeah we got yaar let's go
so you know if we get like a Harlequin
baby that doesn't add or take anything
away from the run we should just stick
with what we got and I'm working out
obviously you want Polaroid this is a
good chance here wafer is so good I
don't want to risk it but you gotta pa
rt why so obviously like wafer big
chubby and then what do we want to halos
probably right every box rush there's a
halo in the top-left corner should I
pick it up two times I'm not aware of
stacking implications of attributes that
I can't believe what I find
he was well tell you what let's take one
try to double the rest again no that's
fine that's fine obviously like a second
wafer wouldn't do anything for us but I
was hoping for more big Chubby's we
shouldn't touch a was just like algae's
is what we like here yeah wait a minute
where's my era
it's got to be around here it's not that
big of a deal but I'm still mad I
totally turned my era oh well I think I
got it back but I'm pretty sure I turned
my era into a single penny with
swallowed penny I mean we got roon bag
and again as a daily so like you know
there's there's a chance it doesn't
matter that much but except for points
but dude that would have been it would
have been at least a modest bummer I I
call absolute nonsense on that that
Damon take it back take the damage back
it's not fair we should obviously get
like zero damage penalty from this point
onwards gosh that's good stuff I don't
really know how you hit 67,000 points on
a daily I'm assuming that that might
involve breaking it and honestly I play
by the rules so I don't know if I'm the
right guy for the job here
could I get into the 50s I have had
50,000 dailies before some of them even
have 50,000 points on them get it
because he's been playing this game
since he was merely a young adult yeah
but you know what so has LeBron James
I'm not taking that
give me a per throw I don't want that
trash get that trash out of here
too many Aries alright we're just gonna
take a yeah dust it all take the arrow
down that's fine by me that's fine by me
so how we doing on the daily front here
well I'm assuming mom's knife in the
first item room probably not going to be
too many people that are you know
looking at today's daily going did
pretty badly at the same time I think
we're taking a very unique path here
much like the developers of Counter
Strike global Offensive I think we're
taking a hidden path eager to see how it
how it manifests for us as the game
progresses dude I ain't about that you
know one HP up lifestyle you got to give
me a little more than that that's not
enough I will take succubus right off
the bat just kidding I'm going to double
it okay to sucky buzzes tell you what
let's take one and be happy and then try
to double it again and then we'll take
another three succubus is you're saying
let's stop three is enough no it's not
okay should have gone for three but you
know what two is really good as well my
year is gone again I should have held
the era when I did that yes stupid still
though two sake busses going in
different directions I mean I'll be
honest with you all I can think about is
how sweet it would have been if we got
in a third one but to suck buddies
probably not a good way to phrase that
to people who I respect a great deal
helped me out a lot on this run thanks a
lot do we get the damage boost times -
no I think we might get a slight extra
bonus but it's not like we get times two
and then times 2 again still it was
worth the attempt like without a doubt
in my mind it was worth the attempt
because it works we doubled it we just
we failed it tripling it but we were
minimizing our risk on every roll which
i think was also a very wise idea by my
standards at least so let's blow that
slow this phrasing yeah why not I can
push a spirit heart out I don't think it
matters too much and alrighty daddy
longlegs no deal now that hurts me deep
in my soul I think that's hoggle Oz I'm
going to double he's done it
modest damage upgrades both times why
not again it's kind of like if we don't
want it or if it gets
skunked instead of doubling I'm still
happy because that means we're not going
to be tempted to like waste points but
if we get two of them yeah I'm going to
take both of them if there's no plethora
of rerolls around this dailies actually
turned out really fun considering it
started a little weirdly like mom's
knife right off the bat is really just
like half the people are going to tune
out right away they're going to be like
the easiest win of all time but you know
what if it's going to be an easy win I'm
happy for the daily because the daily
means we got some extra like emerging
gameplay of will he or won't he rank
well I don't know top thirty is probably
unrealistic I haven't taken much stupid
damage but I've taken more damage than I
should have taken it's fairly
indisputable in my opinion and probably
I've made some not that intelligent
decisions over the course of this run
definitely sometimes I've tried to
double when I shouldn't have definitely
left some consumables on the ground you
know those could come back to hurt me
points wives here but keep in mind you
know we we had to go fast there were
some times where things got a little
dicey here and we got fairly lucky to
get out of it this stuff is tough hear
me out here I think I'm going to take
algae's because it's going to lower my
damage against the hush like it's going
to lower the amount of damage I take
against the hush and then my thinking is
there's a decent chance for us to get a
yera
anyway so we might as well like we got
one full
fluor on the cathedral left to get the
arrows what I'm getting at so if we can
make that happen
can't be that bad
if we make it happen will you finally be
proud of me and dan perks doesn't work
with the wafer
unfortunately mmm but the wafers I wish
it did but it doesn't this was
guaranteed I think you've got a chance
it like you got to take Guppies tail
it's not like it's a big ask for us
right now so this will take us to the
30s presumably 31,000 we're giving a
little bonus from beating this guy as
well
unicorn stumped mr. mega is probably the
big one there um deep pockets well it's
crack on these sadly looks like kind of
a below average bloom I'd say take all
the consumables okay deep pockets will
allow us to hold two cards so I think
that's worth it by itself and the other
pill was a power pill dude sure I'll
take it I think five cents for two bombs
now that was a bad deal okay
could have fooled me just to be on the
safe side I'm going to take the spirit
heart maybe that was a good deal I don't
know I don't think we care about
doubling like I'll just take the bombs
there's no doubles here that makes sense
to me because we we don't want or at
least can't use all the items so plush
fights should be like the last difficult
thing on this run the last most
difficult thing on this run but you know
double succubus helping out knives no
slouch to begin with
I'm hoping that we can get like
near-constant succubus coverage and if
we can make that happen again it can't
be that bad
I'm thinking you know you probably pop
power pill or algae's once we get down
to the continuum shots and then try to
save the other one for like when he does
the beams the thing about the beams is
that you want those to finish as quickly
as possible
not because of the risk of them hitting
you but because the only way to stop the
beams once he starts is to kill him so
oh it's like home din right on me I
really didn't think it had the
trajectory necessary
camp popping it better safe than sorry
damage penalty does matter thanks for
the demon hearts I really appreciate it
I forgot that's pretty relevant algae's
tends to last quite a while when I think
of value I can't help but smile what
your steel can't faze me your poopy
Dookie baby I don't want some groupie
hoochie who only wants my gravy
that's David Faustino from married with
children
aka Bud Bundy doing his rap career I
believe it's called David Faustino I
told you sorry had to sell it so rough
but when you're in the industry you go
through this stuff now we don't want to
go that way we want to go this way
alright so 50,000 not realistic can I
get a tome Oh bless Tomo okay he wants
to pretend that he doesn't know me might
be one of my favorite rap lyrics of all
time just because of how like really it
is I don't want no groupie hoochie who
only wants my gravy
did you actually I think that he's
talking about is money but when you say
gravy in like the mating context it
really does make a sound David like
you're talking about your your ejaculate
effectively so and we should I wish
you'd rethought those lyrics is all I'll
say about that but you know your
illustrious rap career speaks for itself
so what do I know
a was does nothing I'm not I'm actually
am looking to explore everything there's
no reason I can see not to explore
everything sure we probably want to you
know kill Isaac first just because we're
here but if we want to get fifty
thousand on this run it's going to
require I think it's going to require
getting like the maximum points out of
basically like every conceivable
opportunity I still think it is probably
better to go just down to the chest two
different reasons
oh yeah one of them is that we case it's
not 100% obvious usually tend to take at
least a little bit of damage against the
Delirium fight because it's annoying so
that's not going to do us any favors the
other one is that I really think that it
actually is just point wise it's
probably a little bit better from an
exploration standpoint got a loved one
hundred and fifty points thrown in for
no reason here we gotta check this for
the guppy chance no doubt and I think we
just use algae's on the way out unless
we get power kill no we use algae's on
the way out just because there's no
reason not to and it's guaranteed damage
probably we're unlikely to take damage
from any non guaranteed source for the
rest of the game not to be cocky it's
just you know we got mom's knife and
we're crushing it on sous is also fine
believe that makes angel deals better or
at least more valuable in one way or the
other just blow this up get it out of
your get that trash out give me some
luck nothing okay well I've got a mini
boss and then we're out we could get
nine lives from a mini boss if we get
super lucky and this is the boss wow it
worked so here's what you do you grab
that become guppy blow that up oh now
we're talking throw down a freaking now
don't pick up perthro pick up this pick
up this you got to take per throw as per
throw then we got the other one is it
not algae's what do we have per throat -
gasps okay so I wanted like the guy's
gone the guys should be on the ground
per throw - Goss so drop the guys take
on since that's fine then
I wanted to believe that was convoluted
I was just trying to get more spirit
arts out of it
algae is in and zoo I'll do
oh let's go okay we got five keys 37,000
there is no way we're hitting 50 here
it's just not conceivable unless we find
a huge path here so I think you don't
even open those yet I've got to get the
full five lakh now you got to get the
full charge first and then you think
about it you just go for it
or do you you try to make something even
greater happen here's the thing start
with the opening and then if it's trash
/ throw like I want that / throw the
rest okay Booker tears I don't think
we'll do anything for us sadly
everything else get that trash out of
here as good honestly I didn't want to
see it anymore
I think we needed to take mysterious
liquid like we shouldn't take things
that have no benefit for us anymore
that's just what it comes down to my
friends is that everything's gonna be
fine fine fine cuz I had a good daily
run and I'm looking at rank 129 Alanis
Morissette Alanis Jagged Little Pill
today's required listening professor
that was required listening three days
ago yo shut up that means no homework
dude there's all I was getting accused
of being that kid which I dislike I had
I was not a socialite in high school but
I had enough social know-how to not be
that kid you know everyone's like I
never you the guy in school who when the
teacher accidentally forgot to assign
homework you always put up your hand and
say miss Jenkins what's the homework for
tonight no I was not dick I was also mad
at that kid in high school I was working
my butt off dude
I was always happy to you know when they
forgot to assign homework that's on them
nah ain't worth it in my opinion all
right so where were you sitting on
today's run you do get a point bonus for
beating Isaac or sorry blue baby so we
should get another couple thousand when
we finish this run we didn't take very
much damage over the whole entire run so
I'm liking that as well
pins
I think pins and needles here I got the
needles you got the pins
I'm thinking we could finish at the high
40s but probably realistically mid 40s a
little bit more of a an honest and and
fair interpretation of what our score
might be I'm looking for like Luke
basically right now on come on nice okay
so then what do you do
gara gara and then double it you got to
go for it
oh that one I'm sorry Tomo I woke you up
with my indignation there but I was
actually like we're going to get eight
items it's the only way that it could
conceivably go hello
tomo my old friends how do you get your
neck to bend so you can lick your own
shoulder blades parents started buying
razor blades because the scooters are so
dangerous in the wrong hands
like dance or do 96 that's not too bad
fun daily today Tom well don't you think
buddy hope you enjoyed it as much as I
did if you did click the like button
how's that a great deal and of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time